- "The value of new errors" Intermediate / Advanced R (Engineering) course
	- Not affiliated with Advanced R (the book), but we will be referring to that text (and other sources) frequently
	- Practical course: each student brings 1 project to work on.
		- Public code only, although course will touch on how to integrate private code sources in deliverables.
			- Private projects looking to migrate to public safely will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
		- No accreditations, but prior to being an R developer, I have another 7 years teaching experience in classrooms ranging from 400 person lectures to 1:1 tutoring/mentoring. I decided that academia wasn't for me, but I miss the art of teaching.
			- if your organization has a budget for "professional mentoring," or similar learning & development funds, I can help you put together a letter for your managers for focused time on your projects.
			- If not, that's okay. A large part of the value of open-source projects is to serve as a reference for others to use.
	- About the instructor
		- Strong Generalist. Good at identifying at how and why a system is misbehaving, including if the cause is technical, administrative, organizational,
		- Professional R developer since 2016, across multiple industries, including HIPAA/FERPA & GDPR regulations.
		- Have worked in several role types: Junior developer, DBA. DevOps, PM/Scrum Lead,
	- About the students / projects
		- Students
		- Projects:
			- All work will be done in public.
	- Syllabus
		- Integrating public and private code.
			- Internal data sources
				- How to handle "Internal really means one particular laptop"
				- How to handle "Internal means we have backups, but we aren't allowed to share it freely"
					- HIPPA
					- FERPA
					- GDPR
				- How to migrate data sources in a hurry (crash migrations)
					- How to recover after data loss
						-
				- How to migrate sources correctly
			-
		- Scaling
		- Data sourcing
			- Proof of concept data, vs Actual sources
			- How to isolate free and not-free data in deliverables vs testing
				- generally open-access / closed-access
			- How to identify "primary sources" in your data
				- unsolved problem: propagating citations effectively
			- How to turn off data sources
				- what to do if you lose access suddenly
				- How to plan for and accommodate loss of access
				- How to identify critical sources you cannot lose
					- Technically
					- Special Aside for managers
						- You may have contracts, (in my case #CUSIP ) that are not immediately obvious why you have them. Some of these may be cancelled, some may not.
						- In our case, the contract allows us to process information about companies in north america. Not _technically_ necessary, but functionally. #technical-vs-functional
		- CI/CD
			- Why open source is important
				- Vendor failure
					- Increasing costs
					-
		- Reproducibility
			- Serves as impetus for CI/CD
				- Testing with minimal, public data
				- How to isolate sections of data inputs effectively
			- How to be aware if your code has broken
			- How to triage and prioritize fixing issues, vs intentionally creating new ones
			- The value of new errors
		- #SDLC Software Development Lifecycle
			- Steps to take as an academic
			- Steps to take as a junior developer
			- Extensive notes on DevOps, particularly as an R developer
		- How to communicate with your manager
			- How to
		- How to lead an Agile Transformation
			- Agile + OSS = 🏎️💨
				- How to manage a mixed OSS/closed PM Stack.
				- It is important to be able to provide a stable link
					- Difference between value of permalink, and stable link to working document.
				- OSS allows for managing technical issues in public stack, driven by private project-driven decisions
					- Product/Project divide
				- What to do if your team structure doesn't align with how you work (or how you need to)
					- Special aside, for managers & principals
				- What to do if your tech stack doesn't align with how you work (or how you need to)
					- Special aside, for managers & principals
				- What to do if your team structure doesn't align with your tech stack (or how you need to)
					- #project-vs-product team structures
						- Agile structures enable domain experts to work in the arenas they know best, supported by their direct peers.
					- Special aside, for managers & principals
				- What to do if your any of the above don't align with your funding model (or how you need to)
					- Special aside, for managers & principals
					-
		- What to do if you find yourself as a manager and don't want to be.
		- The Value of Open in the era of AI
			- Having traceable sources implies a chain of trust, but generally the chain is trustworthy
				- Most things work. Most of the time.
			- Not having to sign an NDA or contractor agreement or be employed by a particular company makes it a lot easier to collaborate in finding solutions.
		- This applies to data as well as code.
		- Basically the fundamental concept of "citation" has been lost.
		-