- Exploring [[terraform]]
	- My primary text ([[Terraform Up and Running]]) uses [[AWS]] as a target cloud, but for work we use [[Azure]]
		- Authenticating:
			- > We recommend using either a Service Principal or Managed Service Identity when running Terraform non-interactively (such as when running Terraform in a CI server) - and authenticating using the Azure CLI when running Terraform locally.
			  
			  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/guides/azure_cli
			- logging in with `az` and running `terraform plan` shows authentication seems to be rworking correctly.
		- Resources
			- Reference [[Resource Group]] as a data object rather than a [[resource]], so it isn't actually managed by [[terraform]].
				- https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group
				- via Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Terraform/comments/199n52e/comment/kif2uuv/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
			- Azure VMs: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine
			-
- [[Vibecoding]] new project
	- Making a variant on Exponentile: https://www.bellika.dk/exponentile
	- Moving to a new greenfield project, and trying to use the LLM to help scaffold traditional software engineering, rather than continue [[rattleship]], because dealing with the issues in that repo was not worth the hassle, when tere isn't actually an incentive to make it work.
	- Step 1: PRD from text
		- I gave ChatGPT 4.5 some requirements for a game, along with the prompt:
		  > Hello, you're an experienced product manager, particularly skilled in managing web games and you'll be helping me create a requirements document for a new application. While creating this document, you'll ask a lot of relevant questions to me, so that you can better understand my needs. You can be overly questioning if that is useful. Please address each of the requirements below as a starting point, and create more if needed. Feel free to interrogate any useful information about frontend or backend architecture
		  > I'm laying out the description of what I have so far, and I'll need your help refining it into a requirements document and eventually feature descriptions that I can pass to an LLM for initial development.
		- It came back with my points, better formatted and slightly re-worded, but with clarifying questions for all of them.
		- I iterated a few times on the questions it asked me, and it was good on integrating my feedback, along with other requirements/features that I hadn't included in the original ask
		- OpenAI started a "Canvas" (workbook/doc) and started making updates to that
	- Step 2: PBIs from PRD
		- Prompt:
		  > Okay. These look like a good start for PRD. Now can you act as an agile expert, and help construct a product backlog (in a new document/canvas) break the PRD down into Product Backlog Items (with clear descriptions and acceptance criteria). Feel free to create as many PBIs as you need in order to be clear. Take your time creating them. Start with the core game functionality, and put the theming, multiplayer, and powerups near the bottom of the backlog.
		- Created reasonable PBIs, in a new canvas.
			- Text were good summaries, but very brief. hoping that ChatGPT can hold context to tomorrow morning to capture the more detailed information needed for Detailed PBIs / GH Tickets.
		- This was also a good spot to ask ChatGPT if it had questions for me about the PBIs.
			- This resulted in a few updated Acceptance Criteria and some new PBIs (as larger ones were split out)
		- Step 2B: Checking Work:
			- Prompt: 
			  > Are the PRD and the Backlog in sync? Is there anything in one that isn't in the other, and needs to be added?
			- Caught some PRD items that could be low-priority PBIs
				- BNote that ChatGPT is already filtering some, and not creating PBIs for all potential items.